hey everyone so today I am going to do a
review on Elizabeth Arden again but
before I get to that I just wanted to
say a shout out to the person I met this
morning I was walking to uni from the
tram station that was about eight
something a 30-ish a.m. and someone
comes up to me and she's like so I
haven't met you before because he looks
so familiar I was like oh no because
I've never seen him before and then she
goes you know a few minutes later she's
like I read your blog and I'm like oh
cool thanks you know and I felt so bad
because during my whole first lecture I
was saying tours and I was like saying
to myself I was like why do you say more
than hi why do you always do this to
everyone that comes up to you and I just
wanted to say that thank you so much for
coming up to me and I should have
totally spent more than hi I will ask
your name next time you come up to me
and like say more than hi and see how
are you and stuff like that I should
have totally done more than that but do
you understand that I've always in shock
when someone does that like do the last
time that I have know every time it
happens it's just like they come
everyone comes up to me and I love it
when you come up to me thank you so much
first of all but I get shocked I like
going to state of shock like oh thank
you no I don't know what to say next cuz
I'm like what should I say should I say
thank you thank you for what should I
say how do you like my blog what am I so
questionable I don't know so I don't
know what to say so um I know I like it
when you come up to me do keep on coming
up to me cuz it's awesome to me you guys
finally who are watching my videos but
um so sorry for the shock that I always
has always taken over me whenever I meet
someone so sorry and if you come up to
me yeah definitely like tell you tell me
more about yourself and and stuff like
that I would love to know and I feel so
bad I still feel so bad so but yeah
that's I will work on so let's get back
to their view today I'm going to review
Elizabeth Arden's white-glove extreme
skincare this is this is just a gentle
brightening lotion but I don't know if
you remember but I put up a
before about an Elizabeth Arden event a
pre sampling event that I went to about
this skin care and they wanted bloggers
to basically come and they gave us the
whole skincare range and they asked us
to review the skincare range for a month
and I have to tell you right off the bat
that I only review the skin care system
for one week simply because I did not
like the skin care system and I'm gonna
tell you right off the bat like that I'm
just gonna tell you a little bit about
the number of items that are in the
skincare range that they suggest that
you use basically every day and you have
the gentle the clarifying foam cleanser
now the thing about this is that I
prefer skincare I prefer foaming
cleansers or cleansers in general to be
scrubs or I prefer them to be gels
because I feel like cleansers I feel
that it cannot really go and clean my
pores enough like you know the cleaning
I feel like it's sort of just a little
puffy thing right there you know I can't
I can't feel the dirt coming off my face
this is really actually different than
the Biotherm foaming cleanser that I've
reviewed before I like that biotherm
foaming cleanser a lot more than this
one because this was a squirt bottle I
don't have tissue near me so if I test
it out for you I'm going to rub it
somewhere and you can't say I'm gross
anyway this is the diploma because
they're going to show you it's really
airy and I feel like that can't really
clean my skin look how it's just like
it's like play foam so I just felt like
although it's gentle it's totally not my
thing the gentle brightening lotion
which is a toner is next and the thing
with being toner is is that I don't like
I don't actually like toners I only use
toners because they're part of a
three-step skin care system or they're
part of the stinging care system that I
want to try out but actually in my whole
entire life I
never actually like a STONER so um I
just I know what do you use for it don't
you don't need to tell me what they do
serves I know exactly what they use for
it but I just feel like I don't need one
I never feel that I love this skincare
system because of the toner I never feel
like that I'd say that because of the
cleanser or the moisturizer but never
the toner so I'm just gonna dismiss the
toner and you have after that a lot of
moisturizing a lot of serums and a lot
of creams and I think that was the base
the serum the serums the concentrated
parts of the skincare system was the
thing that really agitated my skin um in
one week in my two days I noticed how
bad my skin was getting and I I saw my
skin was you know reacting it very
negatively my pores are blooming I had
oil
I had breakouts on my forehead I all
sorts of things happening like your
worst nightmare basically coming true
and I think it's because of the
overnight capsules of who I really am
not sure this is the skin brightening
overnight capsules and we were totally
pre-assembly event that I was supposed
to make your skin absolutely flawless
but the exact thing exact opposite thing
happened to me and I will show you why I
didn't like them even though it didn't
even if it wasn't the problem in the
skincare system
I still didn't like them and I'll tell
you exactly why so you have this
capsules and you twist it open like this
and 50 and they're really thick gels
I'll show you
so like this these on my hand okay so
that's what it looks like look how thick
that is
I suppose I'm supposed to put this whole
thing full not pulling but I so let's
put this on my face every night before I
go to sleep it's supposed to make me ABS
absolutely flawless the texture is very
similar to Smashbox photo finish primer
and I know Smashbox low
finish primer broke me out so this is
Smashbox photo finish primer with a lot
more oil in it so I know that it's not
good for my skin at all but it feels
really oily and I just don't like it
that is my take on the skincare system
do take this skin care system review it
was a light hand because as you know as
I keep on emphasizing what I review
skincare that what happens to me will
not necessarily happen to you you might
react positively or negatively and I
can't tell you if you love a lot of
people actually love this white glogg
extreme skincare I saw on the loose art
in Singapore fan page so you can go
there and see people reviewing about
Elizabeth Arden's white glove extreme
skincare system if you're still
interested in it but for me it really
didn't work out my pores got bigger I
got earlier and I broke out pretty badly
and the moment I stopped after using the
skincare system and back to my usual
routine everything just went away like
the redness the oil everything all those
nightmares just disappeared within a day
or two so I just wanted to tell you my
review and look forward to more fun
videos and I'll see you guys in or bye